so I just have a bit of a muck about
with a gu10 LED bulb this one's not
working so I've cut the wires the go to
the mains constant current supply now
inside this light there are five LEDs
and this bulb is described as a six watt
so I'm assuming that these are one watt
LEDs I'm also going to assume that
they're all in series so I'm just going
to hook this array of LEDs up to this
power supply and see if we can drive it
and get the LEDs to come on the power
supply is it's kind of a bit over the
top for this purpose really but it's
nice because it's got constant voltage
and constant current options and then
use the constant constant current option
on this video so I've just checked on
some eBay listings and I've found out
that one watt LEDs take about 300
milliamps so let's switch on this power
unit and so I've set the current limit
to 250 milliamps so that we're this is
this is heatsink so we could go up to
the full 300 milliamps and I've set the
voltage currently it
well it's 9.6 volts now that shouldn't
be enough to trigger the LEDs because
we've got five lots of 3.3 volts they
might come on dimly but we'll see what
happens when we switch it on so let's
switch on the output
okay so there's nothing there so let's
now start adjusting the voltage and see
if we can get come on yes right so now
they're coming on that's twelve point
seven volts they're just starting to
come on as you can see so that's carry
on up now pretty bright
that's 13 volts 1415 it's extremely
bright now and the constant current
indicator has come on so we're at 250
milliamps so if I look at the watt meter
reading on the display I'll just turn it
off again and I can't do that and then I
can't read it
it's 4.3 watts so we're just a little
under the maximum rating of the LEDs but
the important thing to know when driving
LEDs is that you must have a current
limit because they can be driven at
extremely high currents they're not
inherently limiting light bulbs are so
you must have a current limit set that
first and then you can pour as much
voltage through them as as you want and
get them to light up